{'compound_name': 'caesalpinin C', 'species': 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.', 'organism': 'seed kernels', 'amount': '19.7 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.889}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names are correctly extracted and match the document text. For '7-acetoxybonducellpin C', the JSON uses the name from the introduction, which is consistent with the compound's identity, despite the experimental section listing '7-acetylbonducellpin C'.", 'Species': "The species 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.' is accurately identified and consistently applied to all extracted compounds.", 'Organism': "The organism part 'seed kernels' is correctly identified as the source material for all compounds.", 'Amount of Molecule': "Two amounts are incorrectly calculated based on the sum of multiple isolation mentions in the 'Extraction and Isolation' section: \n- 'caesalpinin D' was extracted as a total of 6.7 mg (0.8 mg + 5.9 mg), but the JSON lists 10.5 mg.\n- '2-acetoxycaesaldekarin e' was extracted as a total of 10.9 mg (6.0 mg + 4.9 mg), but the JSON lists 13.7 mg.\nThe 'N/A' entry for 'caesalpinin E' is correct as no amount is specified in the text. All other amounts are accurate."}, 'overall_score': 0.972, 'overall_feedback': "The extraction demonstrates a high level of accuracy for compound names, species, and organism source. However, it exhibits minor deficiencies in the calculation of total 'Amount of Molecule' for two compounds that were isolated in multiple fractions, leading to incorrect summations. This indicates a strong ability to identify and categorize information but a slight weakness in performing cumulative quantitative calculations from segmented textual data."}
{'compound_name': 'caesalpinin D', 'species': 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.', 'organism': 'seed kernels', 'amount': '10.5 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 1.0}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "The 'compound_name' field accurately identifies all compounds, correctly distinguishing between 'caesalpinin F' (compound 4) and 'caesalpin F' (compound 14). For '7-acetoxybonducellpin C' (compound 17), the JSON uses 'acetoxy' which matches the abstract and initial compound listing, despite a minor internal inconsistency in the document's 'Experimental Section' which refers to it as '7-acetylbonducellpin C'. The JSON's choice is consistent with the primary identification in the paper.", 'Species': "The 'species' field is consistently and correctly extracted as 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.' for all compounds, matching the plant source mentioned throughout the document, particularly in the 'Plant Material' section.", 'Organism': "The 'organism' field is consistently and correctly extracted as 'seed kernels' for all compounds, matching the specific plant part used for extraction as stated in the document.", 'Amount of Molecule': "The 'amount' field is highly accurate. It correctly extracts and sums the quantities for compounds isolated across multiple steps in the 'Extraction and Isolation' section. For 'caesalpinin E', where no specific amount was mentioned in the isolation procedure, 'N/A' is appropriately assigned. All numerical values and calculations are correct."}, 'overall_score': 1.0, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction is exceptionally accurate and thorough. All fields ('compound_name', 'species', 'organism', and 'amount') were correctly identified, extracted, and where necessary, quantities were accurately summed from multiple isolation steps. The extractor also handled a subtle naming inconsistency in the document for compound 17 ('acetoxy' vs 'acetyl') by adopting the more consistent nomenclature from the abstract and introduction. This demonstrates a high level of understanding and precision."}
{'compound_name': 'caesalpinin E', 'species': 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.', 'organism': 'seed kernels', 'amount': 'N/A'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 1.0}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names are accurately extracted and match the document. For '7-acetoxybonducellpin C', the JSON correctly uses the name from the abstract and initial listing, which is a good choice as the detailed isolation section had a minor variation ('7-acetylbonducellpin C').", 'Species': "The species 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.' is consistently and accurately extracted for all compounds, matching the document text.", 'Organism': "The organism part 'seed kernels' is consistently and accurately extracted for all compounds, matching the document text.", 'Amount of Molecule': "The amounts for each compound have been meticulously extracted and summed where a compound was isolated from multiple fractions (e.g., caesaldekarin e, norcaesalpinin B, 2-acetoxycaesaldekarin e, 7-acetoxybonducellpin C, caesalpinin D, norcaesalpinin D, norcaesalpinin E). Crucially, 'N/A' was correctly assigned for caesalpinin E, as no specific isolated amount for this compound was reported in the 'Extraction and Isolation' section of the document. All calculations are correct based on the provided text."}, 'overall_score': 1.0, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction is of excellent quality. All fields (compound name, species, organism, and amount) are highly accurate and precisely reflect the information present in the document. The extraction correctly identifies and sums amounts for compounds isolated across multiple steps, and accurately marks 'N/A' for compounds where an amount was not explicitly stated. This demonstrates a thorough and accurate evaluation of the document text."}
{'compound_name': 'caesalpinin F', 'species': 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.', 'organism': 'seed kernels', 'amount': '5.4 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 1.0}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names were accurately extracted and matched with the document. For '7-acetoxybonducellpin C', the JSON used 'acetoxy', which is explicitly mentioned in the document multiple times (e.g., page 707 and 708) and is chemically consistent, despite 'acetyl' also appearing in one instance in the 'Extraction and Isolation' section.", 'Species': "The species 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.' is consistently and accurately extracted for all entries, matching the document's information.", 'Organism': "The organism 'seed kernels' is consistently and accurately extracted for all entries, matching the document's information regarding the plant part used for extraction.", 'Amount of Molecule': "All numerical amounts were accurately extracted and correctly summed where compounds were isolated from multiple fractions. The 'N/A' for 'caesalpinin E' is appropriate and accurate, as the document describes its isolation and characterization but does not specify a quantitative yield."}, 'overall_score': 1.0, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction demonstrates excellent accuracy. All compound names, species, organism, and calculated total amounts for each isolated compound (including correct handling of 'N/A' for Caesalpinin E) precisely match the information presented in the document text. The minor naming variation for '7-acetoxybonducellpin C' in the source text was handled logically and accurately by the extraction."}
{'compound_name': 'caesalpinin G', 'species': 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.', 'organism': 'seed kernels', 'amount': '1.5 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 1.0}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names are accurately extracted and precisely match those mentioned in the document (e.g., 'caesalpinin C', 'norcaesalpinin D', '2-acetoxy-3-deacetoxycaesaldekarin e').", 'Species': "All entries correctly identify 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.' as the species, which is consistently stated throughout the document as the plant source.", 'Organism': "All entries accurately specify 'seed kernels' as the plant part from which the compounds were extracted, matching the document's description.", 'Amount of Molecule': "All amounts for each compound are correctly calculated by summing up the quantities obtained from various subfractions during the 'Extraction and Isolation' process, and match the document's details. For compounds isolated in multiple steps, the total amount is accurately aggregated (e.g., caesalpinin D, norcaesalpinin B, 2-acetoxycaesaldekarin e, 7-acetoxybonducellpin C, caesaldekarin e). The 'N/A' for caesalpinin E is also correct as no specific amount was mentioned for its isolation."}, 'overall_score': 1.0, 'overall_feedback': 'The JSON extraction is of excellent quality, perfectly matching all the requested information present in the document. Every field, including compound names, species, organism part, and the aggregated amounts of isolated compounds, is extracted with 100% accuracy. The calculation of total amounts for compounds isolated in multiple steps is also meticulously performed and correct.'}
{'compound_name': 'norcaesalpinin D', 'species': 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.', 'organism': 'seed kernels', 'amount': '14.8 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 1.0}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names perfectly match those listed in the document. The JSON correctly identified '7-acetoxybonducellpin C' despite a minor '7-acetylbonducellpin C' variant appearing in one part of the experimental section, adhering to the more chemically accurate and consistently used name in the introduction.", 'Species': "The species 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.' is consistently and accurately extracted for all compounds, matching the document's text.", 'Organism': "The organism part 'seed kernels' is consistently and accurately extracted for all compounds, matching the document's text.", 'Amount of Molecule': "All 'amount' values are precisely calculated by summing up quantities from different isolation steps where a compound was obtained multiple times. The 'N/A' for caesalpinin E is also correctly identified as no specific amount was mentioned for its isolation."}, 'overall_score': 1.0, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction is exceptionally accurate. Every field, including compound names, species, organism, and the calculated amounts of molecules (or 'N/A' when not specified), perfectly matches or correctly derives from the information presented in the document text. The ability to sum amounts from multiple isolation steps demonstrates a high level of parsing accuracy."}
{'compound_name': 'norcaesalpinin E', 'species': 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.', 'organism': 'seed kernels', 'amount': '9.0 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 1.0}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names perfectly match those mentioned in the document, including the accurate differentiation between 'caesalpinin F' (new compound 4) and 'caesalpin F' (known compound 14). The JSON correctly infers '7-acetoxybonducellpin C' based on its consistent usage in the abstract and results, despite a likely typo ('7-acetylbonducellpin C') in the experimental section of the document itself.", 'Species': "The species 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.' is consistently and accurately extracted for all compounds, matching the document's description of the source plant.", 'Organism': "The organism part 'seed kernels' is consistently and accurately extracted for all compounds, matching the document's description of the plant material used for extraction.", 'Amount of Molecule': "All extracted amounts are perfectly accurate. For compounds isolated from multiple fractions, the JSON correctly sums the individual amounts (e.g., caesalpinin D, norcaesalpinin D, norcaesalpinin B, caesaldekarin e, 2-acetoxycaesaldekarin e, 7-acetoxybonducellpin C). It also correctly identifies 'N/A' for caesalpinin E, for which no explicit isolation amount is reported in the experimental section of the document."}, 'overall_score': 1.0, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction demonstrates exceptional accuracy across all fields. It meticulously matches compound names, species, and organism information. Crucially, it correctly calculates total isolation amounts for compounds obtained from multiple steps, and accurately reflects when an amount is not explicitly stated in the source text. The extraction also navigates subtle inconsistencies in the source document's terminology ('acetoxy' vs. 'acetyl') by adopting the most probable and consistent nomenclature found within the broader context of the paper."}
{'compound_name': 'norcaesalpinin A', 'species': 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.', 'organism': 'seed kernels', 'amount': '32.9 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 1.0}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names precisely match those in the document, correctly distinguishing between similar names like 'caesalpinin F' (new compound 4) and 'caesalpin F' (known compound 14). The name '7-acetoxybonducellpin C' is correctly used, consistent with its first mention and description, despite a likely typo '7-acetylbonducellpin C' in the isolation section.", 'Species': "The species 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.' is consistently and accurately extracted for all compounds, matching the document's references.", 'Organism': "The organism 'seed kernels' is consistently and accurately extracted for all compounds, matching the document's description of the source material.", 'Amount of Molecule': "All extracted amounts are perfectly accurate. The sums for compounds isolated from multiple subfractions (e.g., caesalpinin D, norcaesalpinin D, norcaesalpinin E, norcaesalpinin B, caesaldekarin e, 2-acetoxycaesaldekarin e, 7-acetoxybonducellpin C) have been correctly calculated. 'N/A' is correctly reported for 'caesalpinin E', for which no specific isolation amount was provided in the text."}, 'overall_score': 1.0, 'overall_feedback': "This JSON extraction is exceptionally accurate. Every field for every compound matches the information present in the document text. The extraction correctly identifies compound names, species, organism, and, crucially, accurately calculates the total isolated amount for each compound by summing amounts from various subfractions, and appropriately marks 'N/A' when an amount is not specified."}
{'compound_name': 'norcaesalpinin B', 'species': 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.', 'organism': 'seed kernels', 'amount': '22.6 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 1.0}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names, including their specific nomenclature (e.g., distinguishing 'caesalpinin F' (compound 4) from 'caesalpin F' (compound 14)), are extracted accurately and match the document text.", 'Species': "The species 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.' is correctly and consistently identified for all extracted compounds, matching the document.", 'Organism': "The specific plant part, 'seed kernels', from which the compounds were isolated is correctly and consistently identified for all entries, matching the document.", 'Amount of Molecule': "All extracted amounts are precisely accurate. This includes correctly summing amounts for compounds isolated from multiple fractions (e.g., caesalpinin D, norcaesalpinin D, norcaesalpinin E, norcaesalpinin B, caesaldekarin e, 2-acetoxycaesaldekarin e, 7-acetoxybonducellpin C) and correctly marking 'caesalpinin E' as 'N/A' when no specific amount was mentioned in the text."}, 'overall_score': 1.0, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction is of exceptionally high quality. Every field across all 18 extracted compounds is a perfect match to the information present in the document text. This includes correct aggregation of amounts from multiple isolation steps and accurate representation of missing data ('N/A')."}
{'compound_name': 'norcaesalpinin C', 'species': 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.', 'organism': 'seed kernels', 'amount': '5.9 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.94}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': 'All compound names correctly extracted and match the document.', 'Species': "The species 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.' is consistently and correctly identified as the source.", 'Organism': "The organism part 'seed kernels' is consistently and correctly identified as the source material for extraction.", 'Amount of Molecule': "17 out of 18 extracted amounts are perfectly accurate, including correct summation when compounds were isolated from multiple fractions. One amount for 'caesalpinin D' is incorrect (extracted: 10.5 mg; document total: 6.7 mg). The 'N/A' for 'caesalpinin E' is correct as no explicit amount is listed in the isolation section of the document."}, 'overall_score': 0.985, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction demonstrates high accuracy. All compound names, species, and organism parts are correctly identified. The 'Amount of Molecule' field is largely accurate, with 17 out of 18 entries matching the document's explicit or summed isolation amounts. A minor arithmetic error was found for 'caesalpinin D', where the extracted amount (10.5 mg) does not match the sum of isolations from the text (0.8 mg + 5.9 mg = 6.7 mg). The handling of 'caesalpinin E' as 'N/A' is appropriate given the absence of an explicit amount in the isolation section. Overall, a very good extraction."}
{'compound_name': '2-acetoxy-3-deacetoxycaesaldekarin e', 'species': 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.', 'organism': 'seed kernels', 'amount': '8 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.94}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names match the document text. A minor variation ('7-acetoxybonducellpin C' in JSON vs. '7-acetylbonducellpin C' in one part of the document for the same compound 17) is noted but considered consistent as 'acetoxy' is used elsewhere in the document for the same compound.", 'Species': "All 'species' values correctly match 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.' as specified in the document.", 'Organism': "All 'organism' values correctly identify 'seed kernels' as the source, consistent with the document.", 'Amount of Molecule': "The 'amount' field is largely accurate, with amounts correctly calculated by summing multiple isolations where applicable. However, the amount for 'caesalpinin D' (compound 2) is incorrect. The document states isolations of 0.8 mg and 5.9 mg, totaling 6.7 mg, but the extraction shows 10.5 mg. All other amounts are correct."}, 'overall_score': 0.985, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction is of high quality, demonstrating excellent accuracy in identifying compound names, species, and organism sources. The calculation of total amounts, by summing multiple isolations, was performed correctly for most compounds. The only significant discrepancy found was the incorrect total amount for 'caesalpinin D', which suggests a minor calculation error or misidentification of an amount for that specific compound."}
{'compound_name': 'caesalmin B', 'species': 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.', 'organism': 'seed kernels', 'amount': '3.5 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.94}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names are accurately extracted and match the document. For '7-acetoxybonducellpin C', the JSON uses the chemically consistent name from the introduction, despite a likely typo ('7-acetylbonducellpin C') in one instance in the experimental section, which is a correct interpretation.", 'Species': "All species names are correctly identified as 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.' and match the document.", 'Organism': "All organism parts are correctly identified as 'seed kernels' and match the document.", 'Amount of Molecule': "The extraction of amounts is highly accurate, correctly summing quantities when compounds were isolated multiple times. However, the amount for 'caesalpinin D' is incorrectly stated as '10.5 mg' in the JSON; the document indicates a total of '6.7 mg' (0.8 mg + 5.9 mg). All other amounts are precisely matched."}, 'overall_score': 0.985, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction is of very high quality, demonstrating excellent accuracy in identifying compound names, species, and organism parts. The ability to correctly sum amounts for compounds isolated across multiple steps is particularly impressive. There is only one minor numerical discrepancy identified for the 'amount' of 'caesalpinin D', which slightly reduces the overall score but does not detract significantly from the high quality of the extraction."}
{'compound_name': 'caesaldekarin e', 'species': 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.', 'organism': 'seed kernels', 'amount': '24.7 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 1.0}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names perfectly match the document text, including the distinction between 'caesalpinin F' (compound 4) and 'caesalpin F' (compound 14). The spelling of 'caesaldekarin e' and '2-acetoxy-3-deacetoxycaesaldekarin e' also correctly reflects the lowercase 'e' from the document. The extraction correctly interprets '7-acetylbonducellpin C' (in the experimental section) as '7-acetoxybonducellpin C', aligning with the abstract and proper chemical nomenclature.", 'Species': "The species name 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.' is consistently and accurately extracted for all compounds.", 'Organism': "The organism part 'seed kernels' is consistently and accurately extracted for all compounds, matching the source material described in the document.", 'Amount of Molecule': "The amounts for all compounds are highly accurate. For compounds isolated in multiple steps (e.g., caesalpinin D, norcaesalpinin D, norcaesalpinin E, norcaesalpinin B, caesaldekarin e, 2-acetoxycaesaldekarin e, 7-acetoxybonducellpin C), the extracted amount correctly aggregates the individual values from each isolation step. For caesalpinin E, where no explicit amount is stated in the isolation procedure, 'N/A' is correctly reported."}, 'overall_score': 1.0, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction demonstrates exceptional accuracy across all fields. Compound names are meticulously matched and correctly interpreted, especially where minor discrepancies (like the 'e' in compound names or the 'acetyl' vs 'acetoxy' issue for compound 17) exist in the source text. The species and organism fields are consistently correct. Most notably, the 'amount' field accurately calculates and aggregates quantities from various isolation steps, showcasing a deep understanding of the document's structure and information. This is a very high-quality extraction."}
{'compound_name': 'caesalpin F', 'species': 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.', 'organism': 'seed kernels', 'amount': '3.4 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 1.0}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': 'All compound names precisely match those mentioned in the document text, including both new and known compounds.', 'Species': "The species 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.' is consistently and accurately extracted for all compounds, matching the document's description of the source plant.", 'Organism': "The organism part 'seed kernels' is correctly identified as the source material for all extractions, in line with the document.", 'Amount of Molecule': "Amounts for each compound are accurately extracted. Where a compound was isolated multiple times, the amounts were correctly summed (e.g., caesalpinin D, norcaesalpinin D, norcaesalpinin E, norcaesalpinin B, caesaldekarin e, 2-acetoxycaesaldekarin e, 7-acetoxybonducellpin C). For caesalpinin E, 'N/A' was correctly assigned as no specific isolation amount was provided in the experimental section for this compound."}, 'overall_score': 1.0, 'overall_feedback': 'The JSON extraction is exceptionally accurate and thorough. Every field (compound name, species, organism, and amount) perfectly matches the information presented in the document. The extraction correctly handles cases where amounts needed to be summed from multiple isolation steps and accurately identified instances where no explicit amount was provided. This is a high-quality extraction.'}
{'compound_name': '14(17)-dehydrocaesalpin F', 'species': 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.', 'organism': 'seed kernels', 'amount': '7.7 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 1.0}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names perfectly match those mentioned in the document, including the new and known compounds, and correctly resolve minor variations (e.g., '7-acetylbonducellpin C' vs. '7-acetoxybonducellpin C' by selecting the more formal name from the introduction).", 'Species': "The species 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.' is consistently and accurately extracted for all compounds, matching the document's information.", 'Organism': "The organism 'seed kernels' is consistently and accurately extracted for all compounds, matching the document's information.", 'Amount of Molecule': "All extracted amounts accurately reflect the sum of isolated quantities for each compound mentioned in the 'Extraction and Isolation' section. For caesalpinin E, where no specific isolated amount was provided in the text, 'N/A' is correctly reported."}, 'overall_score': 1.0, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction is highly accurate and comprehensive. All fields - compound name, species, organism, and amount of molecule - precisely match the information presented in the document text. The extraction correctly identifies when multiple isolation steps contribute to a total amount and accurately handles cases where an amount is not explicitly stated ('N/A'). This is an excellent extraction."}
{'compound_name': '2-acetoxycaesaldekarin e', 'species': 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.', 'organism': 'seed kernels', 'amount': '13.7 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 0.94, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.94}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names are accurately extracted except for '7-acetoxybonducellpin C', which appears as '7-acetylbonducellpin C' in the document text (a minor difference in nomenclature for compound 17).", 'Species': "The species name 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.' is consistently and accurately extracted for all compounds, matching the document text.", 'Organism': "The organism part 'seed kernels' is consistently and accurately extracted for all compounds, matching the document text.", 'Amount of Molecule': "One amount, for 'caesalpinin D', is incorrect. The JSON states '10.5 mg', but the document indicates 0.8 mg + 5.9 mg = 6.7 mg (from different fractions). The 'N/A' for caesalpinin E is correct as no specific amount is reported for its isolation. All other amounts are correctly calculated by summing values from multiple isolation fractions or are directly extracted."}, 'overall_score': 0.96, 'overall_feedback': "The extraction is of high quality. 'Species' and 'Organism' fields are perfectly extracted. 'Compound Name' and 'Amount of Molecule' fields have minor discrepancies, with one compound name having a slight terminological difference ('acetoxy' vs 'acetyl') and one compound's total amount being incorrectly summed. However, the overall performance in extracting and aggregating information for multiple compounds is excellent."}
{'compound_name': '7-acetoxybonducellpin C', 'species': 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.', 'organism': 'seed kernels', 'amount': '19.2 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 1.0}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names precisely match those mentioned in the document for the corresponding compounds (e.g., caesalpinin C (1), norcaesalpinin A (8), 2-acetoxy-3-deacetoxycaesaldekarin e (11), etc.). Distinction between 'caesalpinin F (4)' and 'caesalpin F (14)' is correctly maintained.", 'Species': "The species 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.' is consistently and accurately identified as the source in the document and matches all extractions.", 'Organism': "The organism part 'seed kernels' is consistently and accurately identified as the specific part of the plant used for extraction in the document and matches all extractions.", 'Amount of Molecule': "All extracted amounts are accurate. For compounds isolated in multiple steps, the amounts have been correctly summed (e.g., caesalpinin D, norcaesalpinin D, norcaesalpinin B, caesaldekarin e, 2-acetoxycaesaldekarin e, 7-acetoxybonducellpin C). The 'N/A' for caesalpinin E is correct as no specific amount is provided in the document's isolation section for this compound."}, 'overall_score': 1.0, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction is exceptionally accurate and thorough. All fields, including compound names, species, organism, and the amount of each isolated molecule, perfectly match the information presented in the document text. The extraction correctly identifies and sums amounts from multiple isolation steps and accurately represents when an amount is not explicitly stated ('N/A'). The distinction between similar compound names (e.g., caesalpinin F vs. caesalpin F) is also correctly handled. This is a high-quality extraction."}
{'compound_name': 'caesalmin G', 'species': 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.', 'organism': 'seed kernels', 'amount': '1.9 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 1.0}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names perfectly match those mentioned in the document. For '7-acetoxybonducellpin C', the JSON correctly uses the name provided in the introduction and compound list, rather than the '7-acetylbonducellpin C' variant found in the experimental section, which is a minor inconsistency within the document itself but resolved correctly by the extractor.", 'Species': "The species name 'Caesalpinia crista Linn.' is consistently and accurately extracted for all compounds, matching the document.", 'Organism': "The organism part 'seed kernels' is consistently and accurately extracted for all compounds, matching the document.", 'Amount of Molecule': "The amounts for each compound are meticulously accurate. The extractor correctly summed the amounts when a compound was isolated from multiple fractions (e.g., caesalpinin D, norcaesalpinin D, norcaesalpinin B, caesaldekarin e, 2-acetoxycaesaldekarin e, 7-acetoxybonducellpin C, norcaesalpinin E). For 'caesalpinin E', where no explicit amount was stated in the isolation procedure, 'N/A' is correctly assigned."}, 'overall_score': 1.0, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction demonstrates exceptional accuracy and completeness. Every field, including compound names, species, organism part, and the quantitative amounts of each isolated compound, perfectly matches or correctly infers from the document text. The calculations for total amounts extracted from multiple fractions are flawless, and the use of 'N/A' for missing information is appropriate."}
