{'compound_name': 'Punctaporonin A', 'species': 'Poronia punctata', 'organism': 'culture medium', 'amount': '220 mg; 30 mg; 6.8 mg; 140 mg; 100 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 0.975, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.987}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "The compound name '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate' is extracted as present in the document's experimental section, but the document itself (via a footnote) indicates this name was 'Incorrectly named... in ref. 5.' and uses '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenoxy)propenoate' in other contexts. The name 'x \\u03b2 -unsaturated ketone (3)' should correctly be '\\u03b1\\u03b2-unsaturated ketone (3)', indicating a character encoding or transcription error for the Greek letter alpha. For 'Desuccinoylpunctaporonin C (9)', while the descriptive name is present in a section header, the text itself refers to the compound as 'the triol (9)', which would be a more direct match.", 'Species': "All species names are accurately extracted and correctly marked as 'N/A' when the compound is a reaction product or synthesized material.", 'Organism': "All organism sources are accurately extracted and correctly marked as 'N/A' when the source is not specified or the compound is a reaction product/synthesized material.", 'Amount of Molecule': "For 'Punctaporonin D' and 'Punctaporonin B', the extracted amount '420 mg' refers to a mixture of punctaporonins B and D, as stated in the text ('yielded a mixture of punctaporonins B and D (420 mg)'). This value is incorrectly attributed as an individual amount for both compounds, rather than a quantity of a combined mixture."}, 'overall_score': 0.99, 'overall_feedback': "The extraction is of high quality, with most fields matching the document text perfectly. Minor issues include an inconsistency in a compound name due to the document's own self-correction, a character encoding issue for a Greek letter, and the misattribution of a mixture's total amount to individual components for two compounds. The extraction correctly handles 'N/A' for fields not explicitly present or when a compound is a reaction product/starting material rather than an isolated metabolite."}
{'compound_name': 'Punctaporonin D', 'species': 'Poronia punctata', 'organism': 'culture medium', 'amount': '530 mg; 51 mg; 10 mg; 420 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 0.97, 'Species': 0.97, 'Organism': 0.97, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.98}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "The 'compound_name' field is largely accurate, correctly identifying most compounds and their corresponding numeric identifiers. However, a significant error occurred for '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate' (entry 7), where the extracted name is explicitly stated as 'incorrectly named' in a footnote and a different name is used in the experimental section of the document. This critical inaccuracy lowers the score.", 'Species': "The 'species' field is generally well-extracted, correctly linking compounds to their biological sources or marking as 'N/A' when appropriate for derived/synthetic compounds. The main issue is with '9-epi-punctaporonin A' (entry 11). The document states that Punctaporonin D is '9-epi-punctaporonin A'. Since Punctaporonin D is explicitly from 'Poronia punctata', the 'species' for '9-epi-punctaporonin A' should also be 'Poronia punctata' instead of 'N/A'.", 'Organism': "Similar to the 'species' field, the 'organism' field is mostly accurate. The error for '9-epi-punctaporonin A' (entry 11) is consistent with the 'species' error, as it should inherit the 'culture medium' organism from Punctaporonin D, rather than being 'N/A'. For compounds where the document only mentions 'fungus' without more specificity (e.g., '2-hexylidene-3-methylsuccinic acid'), 'N/A' is an acceptable and pragmatic extraction.", 'Amount of Molecule': "The 'amount' field shows a high degree of accuracy. Most extracted amounts are present in the text and correctly matched. However, there are a few minor inaccuracies:\n- For 'Punctaporonin A' (entry 1), an amount of '50 mg' used as a reactant for diacetate synthesis was missed.\n- For 'Punctaporonin D' (entry 2), '420 mg' was listed as an amount, but the document states this was the amount for a 'mixture of punctaporonins B and D', not purely Punctaporonin D.\n- For 'Punctaporonin C' (entry 6), an amount of '50 mg' used as a reactant for monoacetate synthesis was missed. \nThese are minor relative to the overall volume of correctly extracted amounts."}, 'overall_score': 0.97, 'overall_feedback': "The extraction is of high quality, demonstrating strong capability in accurately extracting most of the requested information. The system correctly identifies various compounds, their associated species, and the specific organisms/sources. Amounts of molecules are also largely precise and comprehensive. However, the accuracy is slightly hampered by a critical error in compound naming (using an explicitly 'incorrect' name) and some minor logical inconsistencies where a derived compound's source (species/organism) should have been inferred from its identity with another compound. There were also a few small omissions and one misattribution in the 'amount' field. Addressing these specific issues would lead to near-perfect extraction performance."}
{'compound_name': 'Punctaporonin E', 'species': 'Poronia punctata', 'organism': 'culture medium', 'amount': '220 mg; 58 mg; 9.3 mg; 128 mg; 160 mg; 35 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 0.9875, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.953125}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "The compound name '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate' for entry 7 is inconsistent with the document's abstract, main body description, and synthesis/hydrolysis sections, which predominantly use '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenoxy)propenoate'. A footnote explicitly states that the 'phenyl' version was 'Incorrectly named' in a previous reference, indicating 'phenoxyphenoxy' is the correct term. This reduces accuracy for this specific entry's name.", 'Species': "All 'species' extractions are perfectly accurate, matching the document's information for both isolated compounds and species-producing contexts. 'N/A' is correctly used when no species is associated.", 'Organism': "All 'organism' extractions are perfectly accurate, correctly identifying 'culture medium', 'sporophore', 'culture', or 'N/A' as appropriate based on the document text.", 'Amount of Molecule': "The 'amount' field shows high accuracy but has a few issues. For Punctaporonin D and B, '420 mg' is extracted, but the text specifies this as 'a mixture of punctaporonins B and D', not a specific amount for a single compound. Additionally, for 'p-methoxyphenol' (2.4 g) and 'Methyl propiolate' (1.4 g), the amounts represent quantities of *reactants* used in a synthesis rather than isolated *product* yields. While technically 'amounts', this deviates from the typical expectation in an isolation context. All other extracted amounts and 'N/A' indications are accurate."}, 'overall_score': 0.98515625, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction demonstrates a high level of accuracy and completeness in summarizing the meeting notes, particularly for 'species' and 'organism' fields, which are perfect. The 'compound name' field is nearly perfect, with a single instance of a compound name using a version that the document itself flags as 'incorrectly named'. The 'amount of molecule' field is also very good, correctly extracting most quantities. However, it includes amounts specified as mixtures for individual compounds and quantities of reactants rather than products, which slightly reduces its precision. Overall, the extraction is of excellent quality, providing a comprehensive and mostly precise representation of the document's information."}
{'compound_name': 'Punctaporonin F', 'species': 'Poronia punctata', 'organism': 'culture medium', 'amount': '35 mg; 26 mg; 19 mg; 7 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 0.98, 'Species': 0.97, 'Organism': 0.91, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.99}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "The compound name for '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate' is extracted directly from the abstract, but the document's footnote explicitly states this name is 'incorrectly named'. The correct name, '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenoxy)propenoate', appears in the experimental section. This impacts the accuracy score for this specific compound name. All other compound names match the text perfectly.", 'Species': "The 'species' field is accurately extracted for most natural products. However, for '9-epi-punctaporonin A', which the text identifies as being the same compound as Punctaporonin D, the 'species' is listed as 'N/A' instead of 'Poronia punctata'. If treated as an identity, it should share the source species.", 'Organism': "The 'organism' field accurately reflects the source for most entries (e.g., 'culture medium', 'sporophore', 'culture'). However, for '2-hexylidene-3-methylsuccinic acid' and 'caryophyllene', which are explicitly stated to be metabolites or products of a fungus, 'N/A' is used. While a specific part like 'culture medium' isn't given, 'N/A' is less accurate than a general 'fungus metabolite' or the fungus itself. Similarly, for '9-epi-punctaporonin A', 'N/A' is incorrect as it refers to a compound isolated from 'Poronia punctata' culture medium.", 'Amount of Molecule': "Most amounts are accurately extracted and match the document. For 'Punctaporonin A', one amount (400 mg from the first isomerisation experiment) is missing from the extracted list, slightly reducing the score for this field."}, 'overall_score': 0.96, 'overall_feedback': "The extraction is generally of high quality, with most fields accurately reflecting the information in the document text. The compound names and associated amounts are largely correct and comprehensive. However, there are minor issues that impact overall accuracy. Specifically, the extraction of a compound name explicitly stated as 'incorrect' in the source text is problematic. Additionally, the use of 'N/A' for 'species' and 'organism' for metabolites that are clearly derived from a specific fungus, even without a precise 'part' specified, reduces the accuracy. Finally, the redundant entry for '9-epi-punctaporonin A' (which is Punctaporonin D) with incorrect N/A for species/organism shows a slight misunderstanding of the compound's identity and source relationship within the document."}
{'compound_name': 'Punctaporonin B', 'species': 'Poronia punctata', 'organism': 'culture medium', 'amount': '2.1 g; 120 mg; 420 mg; 128 mg; 1.0 g; 100 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 0.85, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.98}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names, including chemical identifiers and parenthetical numbers, are accurately extracted and match the document text. The extraction correctly navigates a slight inconsistency in the document's naming of '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate' by using the name from the abstract and main body.", 'Species': 'All species names are correctly identified and accurately linked to their respective compounds, whether for direct isolation or as the source mentioned in broader context. No discrepancies found.', 'Organism': "The 'organism' field is mostly accurate. For compounds that are reaction products or reagents, 'N/A' is correctly assigned. The primary area for improvement is for '2-hexylidene-3-methylsuccinic acid' where 'N/A' was used, but the document explicitly states it's a 'metabolite of the fungus Poronia pileiformis', so 'fungus' or 'metabolite' would be more accurate. Similarly, for 'caryophyllene' from 'Coriolus consors', 'N/A' is less precise than 'fungus' or 'organism' given it's produced by the fungus, although no specific part was mentioned.", 'Amount of Molecule': "All listed amounts (including yields, starting materials for reactions, and components of mixtures) are present and correctly matched with the corresponding compounds in the document. The 'N/A' assignments are also accurate for cases where no amount was specified. The inclusion of amounts for compounds as part of a 'mixture' (e.g., Punctaporonin B and D, 420mg) is considered acceptable under a general interpretation of 'Amount of Molecule' being present in the text, even if not an isolated yield for that specific compound alone."}, 'overall_score': 0.96, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction is of very high quality, demonstrating excellent fidelity to the document text across most fields. Compound names and species are extracted with near-perfect accuracy. The 'Amount of Molecule' field is exceptionally well-handled, capturing all relevant quantitative data and correctly identifying instances where no amount was provided. The only minor area for improvement lies in the 'Organism' field, where a few entries that had a clear biological source (e.g., 'fungus') were instead marked as 'N/A', despite the information being present in the text. Overall, this is a highly reliable extraction."}
{'compound_name': 'Punctaporonin C', 'species': 'Poronia punctata', 'organism': 'culture medium', 'amount': '330 mg; 156 mg; 40 mg; 50 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 0.97, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.93}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "One compound, '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate', was extracted using a name explicitly footnoted as 'incorrectly named' in the document, instead of the correct name '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenoxy)propenoate' provided in the main text.", 'Species': 'All species names are correctly identified and match the document.', 'Organism': "All organism details are correctly identified. 'N/A' is appropriately used when no specific organism part is mentioned.", 'Amount of Molecule': "The extraction of amounts is largely accurate. However, one amount for 'Punctaporonin A' (400 mg) was missed. Additionally, for '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate', 'p-methoxyphenol', and 'Methyl propiolate', amounts related to synthetic procedures (e.g., starting materials for synthesis or synthetic product yields) were included, which might be considered out of context for an extraction focused on natural product isolation or experimental results within the main study."}, 'overall_score': 0.97, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction demonstrates a very high level of accuracy and completeness across most fields. The 'Species' and 'Organism' fields are flawlessly extracted. The 'Compound Name' field has only a minor error related to using an explicitly incorrect name from a footnote. The 'Amount of Molecule' field, while generally strong, has a slight dip due to a missed quantity for one compound and the inclusion of synthetic quantities which, depending on interpretation, may be considered out of context for the primary focus of natural product extraction and experimental results discussed in the paper. Overall, this is a very good extraction."}
{'compound_name': '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate', 'species': 'Poronia punctata', 'organism': 'culture medium', 'amount': '672 mg; 200 mg; 50 mg; 900 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.79}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': 'All compound names perfectly match the document text, including parenthetical identifiers where applicable. For derived/synthetic compounds, the names are accurate.', 'Species': "All species names are correctly identified from the document. For compounds that are synthetic derivatives or reactants, 'N/A' is appropriately used, as no specific biological species is their direct source.", 'Organism': "The 'organism' field accurately reflects the source (e.g., 'culture medium', 'sporophore') when specified in the document for naturally occurring compounds. For synthetic derivatives or reactants, 'N/A' is correctly used, as they are not isolated from an organism.", 'Amount of Molecule': "This field is largely accurate, but a few issues impact its overall score:\n- For Punctaporonin D and B, '420 mg' is explicitly stated as the amount of a *mixture* of B and D, not the individual compound. Attributing it to either one solely is a slight misrepresentation.\n- For (E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate, '900 mg' is the yield from a *synthesis* procedure, not an extraction from the 'culture medium' as implied by the 'organism' field for other amounts of this compound.\n- For p-methoxyphenol, '2.4 g' is given as the amount of a *reactant* used in a synthesis, not an isolated product amount.\n- For Methyl propiolate, '1.4 g' is also an amount of a *reactant* for synthesis, not a product.\nThese instances slightly dilute the accuracy as an 'amount of molecule' implying isolated yield or presence from the specified organism/context."}, 'overall_score': 0.95, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction demonstrates high overall accuracy in identifying compound names, species, and organism sources, with perfect scores in these categories. The 'Amount of Molecule' field, while mostly correct, has some minor inaccuracies related to distinguishing between amounts of mixtures versus individual compounds, and between product yields/starting materials for transformations versus reactants or products from synthetic procedures when the context implies natural isolation. Addressing these nuances would make the extraction even more precise for a scientific auditor."}
{'compound_name': '2-hexylidene-3-methylsuccinic acid', 'species': 'Poronia pileiformis', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': 'N/A'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 0.98, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.98}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "The 'compound_name' field is highly accurate overall. The only minor inaccuracy is for 'x β -unsaturated ketone (3)', which should be 'α β -unsaturated ketone (3)' (Entry 9), indicating a character transcription error. All other compound names perfectly match the document text, including proper formatting and numerical identifiers.", 'Species': "The 'species' field is perfectly accurate. All species names are correctly extracted and associated with their respective compounds. 'N/A' is appropriately used when the compound is a derived product or the species is not specified in the context of its isolation (e.g., synthetic reagents or reaction intermediates).", 'Organism': "The 'organism' field is perfectly accurate. It correctly identifies the source of the compounds (e.g., 'culture medium', 'sporophore', 'culture') or uses 'N/A' when no specific organism part or growth condition is stated in relation to the compound (e.g., for synthetic reagents, derived products, or when only the fungal species is mentioned without further detail).", 'Amount of Molecule': "The 'amount' field is largely accurate, with most values matching the document precisely. However, for Punctaporonin D (Entry 2) and Punctaporonin B (Entry 5), the amount '420 mg' is listed. The document states this was a 'mixture of punctaporonins B and D (420 mg)'. Listing this amount directly under individual compounds implies 420mg of that specific compound, which is inaccurate as it refers to the total weight of the mixture. This is a consistent but minor inaccuracy in representing quantities for mixtures."}, 'overall_score': 0.99, 'overall_feedback': 'The overall extraction quality is excellent. The extraction correctly identified 32 compounds, their associated species, and organism sources with high fidelity. Compound names, species, and organism details were extracted with near-perfect accuracy. The primary area for minor improvement is the handling of amounts for compounds that are explicitly stated as being part of a mixture. A minor character transcription error was noted in one compound name. Despite these small issues, the extraction successfully captured a vast amount of detailed scientific information accurately.'}
{'compound_name': 'x β -unsaturated ketone (3)', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': '18 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 0.97, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.93}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "The 'Compound Name' field is highly accurate. All entries perfectly match the document text, with one notable exception: the compound named '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate'. The document primarily refers to this compound as '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenoxy)propenoate (14)'. The extracted name, containing 'phenyl' instead of 'phenoxy', is explicitly stated in a footnote as being an 'Incorrectly named' version from a previous reference. This is a factual mismatch with the primary naming in the document.", 'Species': "The 'Species' field is perfectly accurate. All extracted species names (e.g., Poronia punctata, Poronia pileiformis, Lactarius camphoratus, Hypholoma species, Coriolus consors) are correctly identified and match the document. For compounds that are reaction products or general references, 'N/A' is correctly assigned.", 'Organism': "The 'Organism' field is perfectly accurate. It correctly identifies the source organism (e.g., 'culture medium' for Poronia punctata, 'sporophore' for Lactarius camphoratus, 'culture' for Hypholoma species). For compounds that are synthetic, reaction products, or where the specific organism part/medium is not specified in the text, 'N/A' is correctly assigned.", 'Amount of Molecule': "The 'Amount of Molecule' field demonstrates good accuracy but has several conceptual errors regarding context. Most amounts are correctly extracted and matched to the corresponding compounds. However, four extracted amounts represent *ingredients used in syntheses or reactions* rather than isolated or produced quantities of the compound itself (e.g., '50 mg' for Punctaporonin C used in acetylation, '900 mg' for synthetic (E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate, '2.4 g' for p-methoxyphenol, and '1.4 g' for Methyl propiolate as reactants). Additionally, '420 mg' is cited twice for Punctaporonin D and B, representing a mixture amount rather than a specific individual amount, which is a minor precision issue."}, 'overall_score': 0.95, 'overall_feedback': "The overall extraction quality is very good. The 'Species' and 'Organism' fields are extracted with perfect accuracy. The 'Compound Name' field is nearly perfect, with only one significant error relating to the correct identification of a compound name based on the document's primary description versus a noted 'incorrect' name. The 'Amount of Molecule' field, while mostly accurate in value extraction, suffers from conceptual errors by including amounts of starting materials for syntheses/reactions as 'amounts' of the extracted compounds, which distorts the intended meaning for a scientific information auditor. Addressing these contextual errors in the 'Amount' field and correcting the compound name would elevate the extraction to excellent."}
{'compound_name': 'keto lactone (15)', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': '10 mg; 22 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 0.9, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.9}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "One compound name, '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate', appears to be extracted incorrectly. The document's experimental section titles for isolation, hydrolysis, and synthesis, as well as a footnote regarding a previous incorrect naming in a reference, strongly suggest the correct name for compound (14) is '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenoxy)propenoate'. All other compound names are correctly identified and match the document.", 'Species': "All species names are correctly extracted where applicable. For compounds that are derivatives or synthetic precursors, 'N/A' is correctly assigned.", 'Organism': "All organism types (e.g., 'culture medium', 'sporophore', 'culture') are correctly extracted where specified. For compounds that are derivatives, synthetic precursors, or where the organism part is not specified, 'N/A' is correctly assigned.", 'Amount of Molecule': 'Two amounts (420 mg for Punctaporonin D and 420 mg for Punctaporonin B) were extracted as quantities of a single compound, but the document states these amounts refer to a *mixture* of Punctaporonins B and D. While the compounds were present in these mixtures, the specific quantity for the individual compound is not given. All other extracted amounts are accurate and correctly correspond to the specified compounds as isolated, used as starting material, or produced.'}, 'overall_score': 0.93, 'overall_feedback': "The extraction is largely accurate with high precision for Species and Organism fields. However, there is a notable error in one compound name, which is critical for scientific accuracy, and two minor inaccuracies in the 'Amount of Molecule' field where amounts of mixtures were attributed to individual compounds. The remaining extractions are excellent."}
{'compound_name': '9- epi -punctaporonin A', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': 'N/A'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.87}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All extracted compound names precisely match those in the document, including correct identification of numbered compounds and specific nomenclature like 'x β -unsaturated ketone'.", 'Species': 'All species names are accurately extracted and correctly associated with their respective compounds as described in the document. Even when the organism field is N/A, the species itself is correct.', 'Organism': "All 'organism' fields are correctly extracted. 'culture medium' and 'sporophore' are used appropriately where specified, and 'culture' for general species. 'N/A' is correctly used when a more specific part of the organism (like 'culture medium' vs. just 'fungus') is not detailed in the text.", 'Amount of Molecule': "Most amounts are correctly extracted and associated. However, there are four inaccuracies:\n1. For 'Punctaporonin D' and 'Punctaporonin B', the amount '420 mg' refers to a 'mixture of punctaporonins B and D', not the individual compound itself.\n2. For 'p -methoxyphenol' and 'Methyl propiolate', the extracted amounts ('2.4 g' and '1.4 g' respectively) refer to the quantity used as a reactant in a synthesis, not the isolated or produced amount of the compound, which is a conceptual mismatch for an 'amount of molecule' field typically implying yield or isolation."}, 'overall_score': 0.97, 'overall_feedback': "The extraction is of high quality, demonstrating excellent accuracy in identifying compound names, species, and the specific organism source. The only notable area for improvement is in the 'Amount of Molecule' field, where a few entries incorrectly attributed mixture amounts to single components or extracted reactant quantities instead of product yields. Addressing these minor issues would make the extraction near-perfect."}
{'compound_name': 'ketone (13)', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': '10 mg; 34 mg; 20 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 0.99, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.98}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "Generally excellent. One instance, 'x β -unsaturated ketone (3)', includes a descriptive prefix 'x β -unsaturated' which is not part of the compound's specific identifier in the experimental section (which refers to 'the ketone (3)'). All other compound names are accurate and match the document.", 'Species': "All species names are perfectly extracted, accurately reflecting whether the compound was derived from a specific organism or was a derivative/reagent ('N/A'). Multiple species for naematolin and naematolon are correctly listed.", 'Organism': "All organism locations or conditions (e.g., 'culture medium', 'sporophore', 'culture') are accurately identified. 'N/A' is correctly used when the source is a synthetic reagent or a derivative not directly isolated from a biological source in that form.", 'Amount of Molecule': "Mostly accurate. However, for 'Punctaporonin D' and 'Punctaporonin B', one listed amount ('420 mg') refers to a mixture containing the compound, not the pure isolated amount. Additionally, for 'p -methoxyphenol' and 'Methyl propiolate', amounts listed ('2.4 g' and '1.4 g' respectively) are input quantities for synthetic reactions, not isolated product amounts. All other extracted amounts are precise and correct."}, 'overall_score': 0.99, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction demonstrates a very high level of accuracy and completeness in summarizing the requested information. The fields 'Species' and 'Organism' are extracted with perfect fidelity. The 'Compound Name' field is nearly perfect, with a single minor deviation. The 'Amount of Molecule' field, while largely accurate, contains a few instances where input reagent amounts or quantities of mixtures were included, rather than exclusively isolated pure product amounts. These minor discrepancies do not significantly detract from the overall excellent quality of the extraction."}
{'compound_name': 'keto lactone (17)', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': '29 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 0.977, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.993}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "The compound name '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate' is explicitly stated as 'Incorrectly named' in the document text, with the correct name being '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenoxy)propenoate'. The extraction uses the incorrect name, which is a significant error in scientific nomenclature.", 'Species': 'All species extractions are accurate and match the document.', 'Organism': "All organism extractions are accurate and match the document, including correctly identifying 'N/A' where the document does not specify a source for a synthesized or derivative compound.", 'Amount of Molecule': "Most amount extractions are accurate. However, for 'Punctaporonin D' and 'Punctaporonin B', the '420 mg' amount is extracted, but the document specifies this was a 'mixture of punctaporonins B and D', not an isolated amount for a single compound. While the value appears, its attribution to a single compound is imprecise."}, 'overall_score': 0.993, 'overall_feedback': "The extraction is highly accurate overall, with excellent performance in 'Species' and 'Organism' fields. The 'Amount of Molecule' field is almost perfect, with only minor imprecision regarding mixture quantities. The primary area for improvement is in the 'Compound Name' field, where one compound was extracted with an explicitly 'incorrectly named' identifier provided in the source text. For a scientific information auditor, this specific error is critical regarding data integrity and nomenclature."}
{'compound_name': 'hydroxy lactone (16)', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': '46 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 0.5, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 0.95, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.65}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "The extraction of compound names has two main issues. Firstly, there is an inconsistency in including parenthetical identifiers: the main Punctaporonin compounds (A, B, C, D, E, F) omit their numbers (e.g., 'Punctaporonin A' instead of 'Punctaporonin A (1)'), while their derivatives (e.g., 'ketone (13)', 'Punctaporonin E acetonide (18)') correctly include them. Secondly, and more critically, the compound '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate' is extracted using a name that the document text explicitly footnotes as 'Incorrectly named'. The document identifies the compound elsewhere with the correct 'methoxyphenoxy' moiety. This is a significant scientific inaccuracy.", 'Species': 'The species names are accurately extracted and assigned, or correctly marked as N/A when the compound is a derivative or reagent. All listed species match the document text.', 'Organism': "The 'organism' field is largely accurate. Most entries correctly specify 'culture medium', 'sporophore', or 'culture' where appropriate, or use 'N/A' for derivatives/reagents. However, for '2-hexylidene-3-methylsuccinic acid', which is stated as a 'metabolite of the fungus Poronia pileiformis', 'N/A' is used. While the specific part (e.g., culture medium) isn't mentioned, a more descriptive term like 'fungus' or 'metabolite' would be more informative than 'N/A'.", 'Amount of Molecule': 'This field exhibits significant inaccuracies. Many extracted amounts refer to starting materials used in chemical reactions, quantities of mixtures containing the compound, or amounts produced via chemical synthesis, rather than isolated yields of the compound from its specified source (e.g., the fungus culture medium) or products of transformations. Approximately 35% of the extracted amount values are not direct isolated/produced amounts of the compound from the relevant context.'}, 'overall_score': 0.775, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction demonstrates good accuracy in identifying species and organisms (with one minor point). However, it falls short in two critical areas: the 'Compound Name' field contains a significant scientific error (extracting an explicitly 'incorrectly named' compound), and the 'Amount of Molecule' field frequently includes irrelevant quantities (e.g., starting materials, mixtures, synthesized amounts outside the scope of natural isolation). Addressing the inconsistent naming convention and refining the scope of 'amount' would greatly improve the scientific fidelity of the extraction."}
{'compound_name': 'Punctaporonin E acetonide (18)', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': '22 mg; 39 mg; 9 mg'}		{'raw_response': 'Here is the evaluation of the JSON extraction against the document text:{  "field_scores": {    "Compound Name": 0.98,    "Species": 1.0,    "Organism": 1.0,    "Amount of Molecule": 0.97  },  "field_feedback": {    "Compound Name": "The compound names are largely accurate. However, for the Punctaporonin series (A, B, C, D, E, F), the parenthetical numerical identifiers (e.g., \'(1)\' for Punctaporonin A) were consistently omitted, even though these are used in the document for clear identification. The name \'(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate\' is present in the document\'s abstract and some experimental sections, thus matching the extraction, despite a footnote in the document indicating this name is \'incorrectly named\' in a reference and other sections using \'phenoxyp\'.",    "Species": "The \'species\' field is accurately extracted. All specified species correctly match the document text, and \'N/A\' is appropriately used when the compound is an experimental product, reactant, or its species is not specified in the context of its origin.",    "Organism": "The \'organism\' field is accurately extracted. Specific sources like \'culture medium\' and \'sporophore\' are correctly identified. \'N/A\' is appropriately used when the compound is an experimental product, reactant, or when the document only refers generally to a \'fungus\' without specifying a particular part or medium.",    "Amount of Molecule": "The \'amount\' field is mostly accurate. All numerical quantities and qualitative descriptions (e.g., \'small quantities\') found in the document are correctly extracted. However, for Punctaporonin D and Punctaporonin B, the amount \'420 mg\' was extracted as a specific quantity for each compound individually, whereas the document clearly states it was a \'mixture of punctaporonins B and D\', making it an inaccurate attribution of a specific amount to a single component."  },  "overall_score": 0.98,  "overall_feedback": "The overall extraction quality is very high, demonstrating excellent performance in identifying compounds, their associated species, and organism sources. The \'amount\' field also shows strong accuracy. The primary areas for improvement include: 1) ensuring that all identifiers, such as parenthetical numbers for compounds like the Punctaporonins, are included for full fidelity, and 2) precisely attributing amounts, particularly when the source text indicates a mixture rather than a pure compound for a given quantity."}'}
{'compound_name': 'Punctaporonin B aldehyde (5)', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': '70 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.8884}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': 'All compound names perfectly match the document text, including special characters and numerical identifiers.', 'Species': 'All species information is accurately extracted and matches the document text, correctly identifying the source organism when applicable, or N/A when the compound is a derivative or reactant.', 'Organism': "All organism context information is accurately extracted and matches the document text, correctly specifying where the compound was found (e.g., 'culture medium', 'sporophore') or N/A when not directly isolated from a biological source.", 'Amount of Molecule': "The extraction of amounts is generally good, but exhibits some inconsistencies based on the context. For compounds explicitly linked to a 'species' and 'organism', amounts used in experimental procedures or those obtained from chemical synthesis (e.g., Punctaporonins A, B, C, E, F, and (E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate) were sometimes incorrectly included alongside actual isolated yields. Additionally, for Punctaporonin D and B, amounts corresponding to mixtures were attributed to a single component. However, for compounds with 'N/A' for species/organism, the extraction correctly captured all relevant amount information (either as yields or as starting material amounts), indicating a clear understanding of context for these cases."}, 'overall_score': 0.9721, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction is of high quality, demonstrating excellent accuracy in identifying and matching compound names, associated species, and the specific organism parts/contexts. These fields consistently score 1.0. The primary area for improvement is in the 'Amount of Molecule' field. While many amounts are correctly extracted, there's a recurring issue of including quantities used as reactants or obtained from chemical modifications/syntheses when the compound is attributed to an original biological source (species/organism). This indicates a slight misinterpretation of 'amount' in the context of biological isolation. Addressing this nuance would bring the extraction quality closer to perfection."}
{'compound_name': 'Punctaporonin C monoacetate (10)', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': '38 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 0.984, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.987}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "One compound name, '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate', was extracted as written in some parts of the document, but the document itself notes in a footnote that this name is 'incorrectly named' and later uses '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenoxy)propenoate' for the same compound. This leads to a slight inaccuracy based on the document's own correction. All other compound names perfectly match the text.", 'Species': "All 'species' entries accurately reflect the source organism mentioned in the document for the corresponding compound. For compounds that are synthetic or reaction products, 'N/A' is correctly used.", 'Organism': "All 'organism' entries accurately reflect the specific part or condition (e.g., 'culture medium', 'sporophore', or 'culture') from which the compound was isolated, or 'N/A' when not applicable (e.g., for reaction products or synthetic compounds).", 'Amount of Molecule': "Most 'amount' entries are highly accurate, matching the listed quantities of isolated compounds or reactants used in experiments. However, for 'Punctaporonin D' and 'Punctaporonin B', an amount of '420 mg' was extracted. The document states this 420 mg was the yield of 'a mixture of punctaporonins B and D', not the individual amount of either B or D. This leads to a slight inaccuracy for these two entries as the amount is attributed to a single compound when it represents a mixture."}, 'overall_score': 0.993, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction demonstrates high accuracy in identifying compounds, species, and organisms. The 'Amount of Molecule' field is also largely accurate, with only a minor issue regarding the interpretation of a 'mixture' yield being applied to individual compounds. The only other noted inaccuracy is in the 'Compound Name' for '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate', which the document itself identifies as an 'incorrect' naming, highlighting a challenge when the source text contains self-corrections or variations in nomenclature. Overall, the extraction is of very high quality and provides a faithful representation of the information in the document."}
{'compound_name': 'Punctaporonin C methyl ester (7)', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': '134 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 0.97, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.92}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "Almost all compound names are extracted perfectly. However, for '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate' (Entry 7), the document explicitly states in a footnote (‡) that this name is 'incorrectly named'. The experimental section uses the presumably correct name '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenoxy)propenoate'. While the extracted name appears in the abstract and in the footnote text, extracting the 'incorrect' name is a slight inaccuracy in conveying the most accurate information present in the document.", 'Species': "All 'species' extractions are accurate. This includes correctly identifying specific species for naturally isolated compounds, correctly aggregating multiple species for compounds like naematolin and naematolon, and accurately marking 'N/A' for compounds that are derivatives or reactants where a species is not directly associated in the text.", 'Organism': "All 'organism' extractions are accurate. This includes correctly identifying sources like 'culture medium', 'sporophore', 'culture', and accurately marking 'N/A' when no specific organism part or condition is mentioned for derived compounds or reactants.", 'Amount of Molecule': "Most 'amount' extractions are accurate, correctly capturing all relevant numerical values and their units, including reactant amounts. However, there are two instances of incorrect amount attribution: \n- For 'Punctaporonin D' (Entry 2), the amount '420 mg' refers to a 'mixture of punctaporonins B and D', not solely Punctaporonin D.\n- Similarly, for 'Punctaporonin B' (Entry 5), the amount '420 mg' also refers to the same mixture, not solely Punctaporonin B. \nThese two errors slightly reduce the overall accuracy for this field, as amounts for mixtures should not be attributed to individual components unless specified."}, 'overall_score': 0.95, 'overall_feedback': "The extraction demonstrates a very high level of accuracy in identifying and matching chemical entities, their species sources, and organisms. The 'Species' and 'Organism' fields are extracted with perfect fidelity to the document. The 'Compound Name' field is nearly perfect, with only one instance where the extracted name, although textually present, is explicitly marked as 'incorrect' in the document itself. The primary area for improvement is the 'Amount of Molecule' field, where amounts referring to mixtures were incorrectly attributed to individual compounds. Addressing this nuance would bring the extraction quality to an even higher standard."}
{'compound_name': 'Acetylpunctaporonin C methyl ester (8)', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': 'N/A'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.96}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': 'All extracted compound names perfectly match the document text, including parenthetical identifiers where applicable.', 'Species': "All extracted species names accurately reflect the source organism mentioned in the document for each compound or derivative. 'N/A' is correctly used when the compound is a derivative or a reagent and not directly isolated from a species.", 'Organism': "The 'organism' field is consistently and accurately extracted. 'culture medium', 'sporophore', and 'culture' are correctly identified when specified. 'N/A' is appropriately used when the specific part of the organism is not mentioned in the text (e.g., 'metabolite of the fungus', or for synthetic derivatives/reagents).", 'Amount of Molecule': "Most amounts extracted are highly accurate and directly verifiable from the document. However, for 'Punctaporonin D' and 'Punctaporonin B', an amount of '420 mg' was extracted, which the document specifies as 'a mixture of punctaporonins B and D (420 mg)'. This means 420 mg refers to the combined weight of the mixture, not the individual amount of either compound. This results in 2 out of 57 specific amount extractions being misleading (2/57 inaccurate). The overall accuracy for this field is (57-2)/57 = 0.9649."}, 'overall_score': 0.99, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction demonstrates excellent accuracy in identifying compound names, species, and organism sources. The 'Amount of Molecule' field is largely accurate, with only a minor, but important, detail missed regarding the attribution of a mixture's total weight to individual components. This is a high-quality extraction, accurately reflecting the scientific information presented in the document."}
{'compound_name': 'Desuccinoylpunctaporonin C (9)', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': '17 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 0.97, 'Species': 0.97, 'Organism': 0.97, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.9}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "Most compound names are accurately extracted and match the document. However, there is a critical chemical error for one entry: '(E)-3-(4-methoxyphenoxy)propenoic acid' should be '(E)-3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoic acid' as per the document text, which is a significant difference (phenyl vs. phenoxy group).", 'Species': "The species information is largely accurate. One minor error was found: '9-epi-punctaporonin A' is identified as the structure of Punctaporonin D, which is isolated from 'Poronia punctata'. Therefore, assigning 'N/A' for the species of '9-epi-punctaporonin A' is inaccurate; it should be 'Poronia punctata'.", 'Organism': "Organism extraction is mostly correct. Similar to the species feedback, 'N/A' was incorrectly assigned for '9-epi-punctaporonin A' instead of 'culture medium' as it refers to Punctaporonin D's origin.", 'Amount of Molecule': "The 'Amount of Molecule' field shows variability in accuracy. While many isolated/produced amounts are correctly captured, several instances include amounts that were used as starting materials for reactions (e.g., Punctaporonin C, ketone (13), p-methoxyphenol, Methyl propiolate, some entries for (E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate) rather than isolated products. Additionally, amounts of mixtures were sometimes listed as the amount of a single compound (e.g., Punctaporonin D, Punctaporonin B). For (E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate, one listed amount was for a synthesized quantity, not an extracted one. The amount for '(E)-3-(4-methoxyphenoxy)propenoic acid' is problematic due to the incorrect compound name, leading to a faulty association."}, 'overall_score': 0.95, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction provides a good overview of compounds, their species, and organisms, with generally high accuracy for these fields. However, a significant chemical naming error for one compound and several inconsistencies in how 'Amount of Molecule' is interpreted (distinguishing between isolated, starting, and mixture amounts, and synthesized vs. extracted) lower the overall quality. Addressing these issues, particularly the chemical naming and the consistency of 'amount' definition, would further improve the extraction."}
{'compound_name': 'p -methoxyphenol', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': '55 mg; 31 mg; 2.4 g'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 0.9375, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.9375}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': 'All extracted compound names perfectly match those present in the document text, including parenthetical identifiers (e.g., (3), (15)). The extraction correctly handled the slight inconsistency in the document regarding the name of (E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate (14) by using one of the names present.', 'Species': "All extracted species names perfectly match the information present in the document. Where a compound was a derivative or reactant, 'N/A' was correctly assigned for the species. For compounds produced by multiple species (e.g., naematolin, naematolon), all relevant species were accurately listed.", 'Organism': "Two entries for the 'organism' field are inaccurate. For '2-hexylidene-3-methylsuccinic acid' and 'caryophyllene', the 'organism' field is listed as 'N/A'. However, the document clearly states that '2-hexylidene-3-methylsuccinic acid' is a 'metabolite of the fungus Poronia pileiformis' and 'Coriolus consors has been shown to produce caryophyllene'. In these cases, 'fungus' or the specific species name would have been more accurate than 'N/A'. All other 'organism' extractions are correct.", 'Amount of Molecule': "Two entries in the 'amount' field are inaccurate. For 'Punctaporonin D' and 'Punctaporonin B', the amount '420 mg' is included in their respective lists. The document states 'Tubes 72—84. On evaporation, yielded a mixture of punctaporonins B and D (420 mg)'. This amount refers to a mixture, not the specific isolated amount of either Punctaporonin B or D alone. All other extracted amounts are accurate and complete, correctly capturing all reported quantities and handling 'N/A' when no amount was specified."}, 'overall_score': 0.96875, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction is of high quality, demonstrating excellent accuracy in identifying compound names and associated species. The main areas for improvement are in distinguishing the amount of a specific molecule from the amount of a mixture it's part of, and in more precisely identifying the 'organism' when the compound is described as a metabolite produced by a known species, rather than defaulting to 'N/A'."}
{'compound_name': '(E)-3-(4-methoxyphenoxy)propenoic acid', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': '30 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 0.94, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.99}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': 'All compound names are accurately extracted and perfectly match the document text, including numeric identifiers where present.', 'Species': "The species information is consistently accurate. 'N/A' is appropriately used when the compound is a reaction product, derivative, or synthetic reagent rather than isolated from a specific biological species.", 'Organism': "The 'organism' field is generally accurate, correctly identifying specific biological sources like 'culture medium' or 'sporophore'. 'N/A' is appropriately used for reaction products or synthetic reagents. However, for two compounds (2-hexylidene-3-methylsuccinic acid and caryophyllene), 'N/A' was used when the document clearly stated they were produced by a fungus, indicating that 'fungus' or 'metabolite' would have been a more appropriate entry.", 'Amount of Molecule': "The extraction of 'amount' is highly accurate. All explicit amounts mentioned in the text for isolation, reactions, or synthesis were captured, with the exception of one instance where a 400 mg starting amount for Punctaporonin A during an isomerisation experiment was missed. 'N/A' was correctly applied when no specific quantity was stated."}, 'overall_score': 0.98, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction demonstrates a very high level of accuracy and completeness in summarizing the meeting notes. Compound names, associated species, and most quantitative data are extracted with excellent precision. The main area for improvement lies in refining the 'organism' field to be more specific when a compound is described as originating from a fungus, even if a precise part (e.g., culture medium vs. sporophore) is not specified. Additionally, ensuring all numerical quantities are captured, as noted for Punctaporonin A, would further enhance the extraction quality."}
{'compound_name': 'Methyl propiolate', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': '1.4 g'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 0.97, 'Organism': 0.97, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.95}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names accurately match the document text, including parenthetical identifiers and handling of minor typographical errors in the source document (e.g., 'panctaporonin' corrected to 'Punctaporonin').", 'Species': "The 'species' field is generally accurate. However, for '9- epi -punctaporonin A', the species was incorrectly marked as 'N/A'. The document states that Punctaporonin D is '9- epi -punctaporonin A' and Punctaporonin D is derived from 'Poronia punctata'. Therefore, the species should have been 'Poronia punctata'.", 'Organism': "The 'organism' field is generally accurate. Similar to the 'species' field, for '9- epi -punctaporonin A', the organism was incorrectly marked as 'N/A'. If it is synonymous with Punctaporonin D, it should be 'culture medium' from 'Poronia punctata'.", 'Amount of Molecule': "The 'amount' field is largely accurate, capturing most numerical values for both isolated compounds and reactants. However, for 'Punctaporonin D' and 'Punctaporonin B', one of the listed amounts (420 mg) referred to a 'mixture of punctaporonins B and D', not the pure compound. For '9- epi -punctaporonin A', the amount was marked 'N/A', but if this compound is Punctaporonin D, then amounts would be available from Punctaporonin D's entry."}, 'overall_score': 0.97, 'overall_feedback': "The extraction is of high quality, demonstrating strong accuracy in identifying compound names, associated species, and the source organism/context. Most amounts are correctly extracted. The primary area for improvement is the accurate assignment of species, organism, and amount for compounds that are defined as structural synonyms or derivatives of other extracted compounds (e.g., '9- epi -punctaporonin A' being identified as Punctaporonin D). Additionally, amounts referring to mixtures should be carefully considered if the target is a pure compound's quantity."}
{'compound_name': 'Punctaporonin A diacetate', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': '45 mg'}		{'raw_response': '{  "field_scores": {    "Compound Name": 0.95,    "Species": 1.00,    "Organism": 1.00,    "Amount of Molecule": 1.00  },  "field_feedback": {    "Compound Name": "The extraction correctly identifies most compound names. However, one entry, \'(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate\', uses a name explicitly identified as \'incorrectly named\' in the document\'s footnote. The correct name, consistently used in the experimental section, is \'(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenoxy)propenoate\'. Another minor issue is the representation of \'x β -unsaturated ketone (3)\', where \'x\' is likely intended to be the Greek letter alpha (α), which appears as \'$\\alpha$\' in the document but is rendered as \'x\' in the extraction.",    "Species": "All \'species\' fields are accurately extracted and match the document, including the correct use of \'N/A\' when a species is not mentioned in relation to the compound\'s origin.",    "Organism": "All \'organism\' fields are accurately extracted and match the document, including the correct use of \'N/A\' when a specific organism part (like culture medium or sporophore) is not mentioned or the compound is a product of reaction rather than natural isolation.",    "Amount of Molecule": "All \'amount\' fields are accurately extracted. The numerical values and units match the document precisely. \'N/A\' is correctly used when no specific amount is provided in the text for a compound."  },  "overall_score": 0.988,  "overall_feedback": "The JSON extraction demonstrates high accuracy in capturing the requested information from the document. Most fields are perfectly matched. The primary area for improvement is the \'Compound Name\' field, specifically regarding the handling of an explicitly incorrect name from a reference (as noted by the document\'s author) and a minor character rendering issue for \'alpha-beta unsaturated ketone\'. The extraction\'s ability to correctly identify \'N/A\' for fields where information is not present (e.g., for reaction products or when amounts/organisms are not specified) is commendable. The extraction is very well-aligned with the document text."}'}
{'compound_name': 'Punctaporonin E diacetate', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': 'N/A'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.96875}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names perfectly match the document text, including numbering and special characters where applicable. The use of (E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate is consistent with its primary mention, despite some internal document inconsistencies regarding 'phenoxy'.", 'Species': "All species information is accurately extracted. For compounds isolated from biological sources, the specific species are correctly identified. For derived or synthetic compounds, 'N/A' is correctly used as they are not directly associated with a producing species in the document's context. Aggregated species for naematolin and naematolon are also correctly listed.", 'Organism': "All organism information is accurately extracted. 'culture medium' is consistently used for compounds isolated from Poronia punctata, matching the text. 'sporophore' for Lactarius camphoratus and 'culture' for Hypholoma species are correct. For other compounds where a specific organism part is not mentioned or they are derived/synthetic, 'N/A' is appropriately assigned.", 'Amount of Molecule': "Most amounts are extracted with high accuracy, directly matching the numerical values and units found in the document. However, two entries (Punctaporonin D and Punctaporonin B) list '420 mg' which, in the document, refers to a 'mixture of punctaporonins B and D'. This is not an amount solely for the individual compound, leading to a slight reduction in accuracy for these specific entries. All other amounts are exact matches or correctly identified as 'N/A' when not present."}, 'overall_score': 0.992, 'overall_feedback': "The extraction demonstrates excellent accuracy across all fields. Compound names, species, and organism details are consistently correct. The only minor deviation observed is in two 'Amount of Molecule' extractions, where a quantity for a mixture was attributed to individual compounds. This is a subtle point, but important for strict scientific auditing. Despite this, the overall quality is exceptionally high, with nearly perfect retrieval and matching of information."}
{'compound_name': 'Punctaporonin F Diacetate', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': 'N/A'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.9}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All extracted compound names appear in and match the document text. A minor note on ambiguity in the source: The document itself uses two slightly different names for compound (14) – '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate' (extracted) and '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenoxy)propenoate' (also present and implied as the correct one in synthesis section, with the extracted name footnoted as 'incorrectly named' in a reference). However, since the extracted name is explicitly present multiple times, including in an isolation description, it's considered a match.", 'Species': "All species information is accurately extracted and directly matches the document text where applicable. For compounds that are derivatives or where the species was not specified in the text, 'N/A' was appropriately used.", 'Organism': "All organism information is accurately extracted and directly matches the document text where applicable. For compounds that are derivatives or where the specific organism part/condition was not detailed, 'N/A' was appropriately used.", 'Amount of Molecule': "The extraction of molecule amounts is mostly accurate. However, for 'Punctaporonin D' and 'Punctaporonin B', the amount '420 mg' was extracted from text stating 'yielded a mixture of punctaporonins B and D (420 mg)'. This amount refers to a mixture, not the individual quantity of each compound, leading to an over-extraction for the separate entries. All other extracted amounts are correct."}, 'overall_score': 0.975, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction is of high quality. Compound names, species, and organism information are consistently and accurately extracted. The only notable area for improvement is the 'Amount of Molecule' field, where amounts referring to mixtures were incorrectly attributed to individual compounds in two instances. Addressing this nuance would make the extraction near perfect."}
{'compound_name': 'Punctaporonin D diacetate', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': '18 mg'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 1.0}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names, including numbered derivatives and reactants, are accurately extracted and match the document. The extraction correctly identifies the primary usage of '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate' as the isolated natural product, despite a document footnote about an earlier naming error that refers to 'phenoxy'. The 'x β -unsaturated ketone (3)' also correctly reflects a potential typo in the source document.", 'Species': "All species are correctly associated with their respective compounds. For derivatives, reactants, or cases where a compound is generally discussed without a specific originating species in that context, 'N/A' is appropriately used.", 'Organism': "The 'organism' field accurately reflects the source (e.g., 'culture medium', 'sporophore', 'culture'). For compounds that are synthetic intermediates, reaction products, or general chemicals, 'N/A' is correctly assigned.", 'Amount of Molecule': "All quantifiable amounts mentioned in the document, whether for isolated yields, starting materials for reactions, or products of transformations, are accurately extracted and listed for their respective compounds. 'N/A' is correctly used when no specific amount is provided in the text."}, 'overall_score': 1.0, 'overall_feedback': "This JSON extraction is of exceptional quality. Every piece of information requested (compound name, species, organism, and amount) has been accurately identified, extracted, and correctly matched to the provided document text. The extraction demonstrates a thorough understanding of the document's content, including subtle nuances like input vs. output amounts, derivative compounds, and handling of 'N/A' where information is not specified. This is a perfect match and a highly reliable extraction."}
{'compound_name': 'Punctaporonin B monoacetate', 'species': 'N/A', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': 'N/A'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.83}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names, including those with special characters (like 'xβ-unsaturated ketone') or specific isomer notations ('(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate'), accurately match the text. When the text presented a slight naming variation (e.g., 'methoxyphenoxy' vs 'methoxyphenyl' for compound 14), the extraction correctly used the established name from the abstract and main isolation section.", 'Species': "The 'species' field is consistently accurate. It correctly identifies the originating organism for naturally occurring compounds, correctly handles multiple species for certain metabolites (e.g., naematolin, naematolon), and appropriately uses 'N/A' for compounds that are derivatives, reactants, or products of chemical synthesis rather than direct biological extraction.", 'Organism': "The 'organism' field is highly accurate. It correctly specifies 'culture medium', 'sporophore', or 'culture' where applicable, and appropriately uses 'N/A' when the specific source location/method is not mentioned or for compounds that are derivatives or reactants.", 'Amount of Molecule': "While all listed numerical values for 'amount' are present in the document, the context for many of them is inconsistent with an 'extraction' or 'production' perspective. Specifically:\n- Several entries for primary metabolites (Punctaporonin A, E, B, C) and derivatives (ketone (13), p-methoxyphenol) include amounts that refer to the *starting material* used in subsequent chemical reactions or experiments, rather than the amount *extracted* or *isolated* from the biological source, or *produced* from a derivative reaction.\n- For '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate', while the 672 mg amount is from extraction, the 900 mg amount is explicitly stated as a yield from *chemical synthesis*, not from the fungus. The 200 mg and 50 mg are also input amounts.\n- 'Methyl propiolate' is a reactant in a synthesis, and its listed amount is an input amount, not an extracted or produced compound.\nThis indicates a lack of contextual filtering for the 'amount' field, leading to the inclusion of input/synthetic quantities that do not represent an 'extracted' or 'produced' amount from the specified context."}, 'overall_score': 0.96, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction demonstrates excellent accuracy in identifying compound names, associated species, and the part of the organism or culture from which they were obtained. These three fields consistently match the document's information, including handling nuanced details like plural species for metabolites and using 'N/A' appropriately for derivatives or reactants. The primary area for improvement lies in the 'Amount of Molecule' field. While all listed numbers are factually present in the text, their contextual relevance is often misinterpreted. The extraction frequently includes amounts of compounds used as *starting materials* in chemical reactions, or yields from *chemical synthesis*, rather than strictly limiting to amounts *extracted* from the specified biological source or *produced* as a derivative in a reaction context. A stricter interpretation of 'amount' in relation to 'extraction' or 'production' would enhance the precision and scientific utility of this field."}
{'compound_name': '12-hydroxycaryophyllene 4,5-oxide', 'species': 'Lactarius camphoratus', 'organism': 'sporophore', 'amount': 'N/A'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 0.98, 'Species': 0.97, 'Organism': 0.97, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.98}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "Mostly accurate. One entry, '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate', suffered from an inconsistency in the document itself regarding the compound's precise name ('methoxyphenyl' vs 'methoxyphenoxy'). The JSON matched the name from the abstract but not the one consistently used in the experimental isolation section, leading to a partial match score for that entry.", 'Species': "Largely accurate. One entry, '9- epi -punctaporonin A', which is identified as Punctaporonin D (2) (isolated from Poronia punctata), was incorrectly assigned 'N/A'. For all other compounds, including synthetic derivatives, 'N/A' was an appropriate match as the document does not attribute a species directly to the chemically altered forms.", 'Organism': "Largely accurate. Similar to 'Species', '9- epi -punctaporonin A' was incorrectly assigned 'N/A'. For all other compounds, 'N/A' was appropriate for synthetic derivatives, and the specified organism/source (e.g., 'culture medium', 'sporophore', 'culture') matched the document where provided.", 'Amount of Molecule': "Mostly accurate. Two entries, 'Punctaporonin D' and 'Punctaporonin B', included an amount (420 mg) that was described in the document as a 'mixture' with another compound, rather than the pure substance, leading to a slight over-representation of the pure compound's amount. All other amounts were correctly extracted and matched the document."}, 'overall_score': 0.97, 'overall_feedback': "The extraction is of high quality, demonstrating strong accuracy in identifying compound names and their associated amounts, species, and organisms. Minor discrepancies were observed primarily due to an internal inconsistency in the document's naming of one compound and the misattribution of 'N/A' for the species/organism of an identified natural product (9-epi-punctaporonin A). A small error in reporting the amount of a mixture as a pure compound for two entries also slightly reduced the score. Overall, the JSON provides an excellent summary of the information present in the document text."}
{'compound_name': 'naematolin', 'species': 'Hypholoma sublateritium, H. fasculare, H. elongatipes', 'organism': 'culture', 'amount': 'N/A'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 0.98, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.98}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "Generally accurate. However, the compound `(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate` (entry 7) is explicitly identified as `incorrectly named` in footnote ‡ and is referred to as `(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenoxy)propenoate` in the isolation section of the document. The extraction uses the 'incorrect' name.", 'Species': "All species names are correctly extracted and matched with their respective compounds. Where no species is applicable (e.g., for reaction products or synthetic compounds), 'N/A' is correctly used.", 'Organism': "All organism sources (e.g., 'culture medium', 'sporophore', 'culture', or 'N/A' when not specified or applicable) are correctly identified and matched.", 'Amount of Molecule': "Mostly accurate and comprehensive. However, for Punctaporonin D (entry 2) and Punctaporonin B (entry 5), the amount `420 mg` is extracted, but the document states it's a 'mixture of punctaporonins B and D (420 mg)', implying it's not solely the amount for the individual compound. All other amounts are correctly extracted and listed."}, 'overall_score': 0.99, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction demonstrates a very high level of accuracy and completeness in matching the information present in the document text. Only minor discrepancies were found regarding one compound's name (which the document itself clarifies as incorrect) and the precise attribution of amounts for two compounds that were isolated as a mixture. The extraction successfully identified and categorized a wide range of compounds, their origins, and associated quantities mentioned throughout the experimental details and discussion."}
{'compound_name': 'naematolon', 'species': 'H. capnoides, H. fasculare, H. elongatipes', 'organism': 'culture', 'amount': 'N/A'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 0.97, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 1.0}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names are correctly extracted and match the document, with one exception. For '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate' (item 7), the document explicitly states in a footnote (‡) that 'Incorrectly named (E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propenoate in ref. 5' and in subsequent experimental sections (isolation, hydrolysis, synthesis) consistently uses the name '(E)-methyl 3-(4-methoxyphenoxy)propenoate'. While the abstract initially uses 'methoxyphenyl', the overall context of the paper corrects this. Therefore, the extracted name 'methoxyphenyl' is considered inaccurate given the document's clarification.", 'Species': "All species names are accurately extracted. 'N/A' is correctly used when the compound is a reaction product, reactant, or its biological source is not specified in that context. The extraction correctly identifies multiple species for 'naematolin' and 'naematolon'.", 'Organism': "All organism details (e.g., 'culture medium', 'sporophore', 'culture') are accurately extracted. 'N/A' is correctly used when the specific organism part or medium is not mentioned or the compound is a derivative/reactant.", 'Amount of Molecule': "All extracted amounts (including 'N/A' for unquantified entries, and 'small quantities') are present in the document and correctly attributed to their respective compounds, whether for isolation yields, starting materials for reactions, or products of reactions. Amounts for compounds isolated as mixtures (e.g., punctaporonins B and D) are appropriately captured as described in the text."}, 'overall_score': 0.99, 'overall_feedback': "The JSON extraction is of very high quality, demonstrating excellent accuracy across most fields. Only a minor issue was found in one compound's name, where the extraction used an 'incorrect' name as clarified by the document's own footnote and subsequent text. All other fields, including species, organism, and detailed amounts (isolations, reactants, products, and 'N/A' cases), are extracted with remarkable precision and completeness. The extraction handles variations in how amounts are presented (e.g., pure yield vs. amount in a mixture or as a starting material) very well."}
{'compound_name': 'caryophyllene', 'species': 'Coriolus consors', 'organism': 'N/A', 'amount': 'small quantities'}		{'field_scores': {'Compound Name': 1.0, 'Species': 1.0, 'Organism': 1.0, 'Amount of Molecule': 0.97}, 'field_feedback': {'Compound Name': "All compound names are accurately extracted and perfectly match the document text, including proper formatting and parenthetical identifiers. The extraction correctly identifies names even when the document itself notes a previous 'incorrect' naming in a reference, by prioritizing the name as it appears in the experimental and introductory sections.", 'Species': "All species names are accurately extracted and correctly associated with their respective compounds. The extraction demonstrates precision in listing multiple species where applicable (e.g., for naematolin and naematolon). 'N/A' is appropriately used when a specific species is not mentioned as the source of the compound (e.g., for synthetic intermediates or derivatives).", 'Organism': "The 'organism' field is consistently and accurately extracted. Specific parts or growth conditions like 'culture medium', 'sporophore', and 'culture' are correctly identified. 'N/A' is appropriately assigned when the document does not specify the organism's part or growth condition for a given compound, particularly for derivatives, reaction products, or starting materials for synthesis.", 'Amount of Molecule': "The extraction of amounts is largely accurate, with all specified quantities found in the document. However, for 'p -methoxyphenol' (2.4 g) and 'Methyl propiolate' (1.4 g), the extracted amounts refer to starting materials used in a synthesis rather than isolated product yields. While these are 'amounts' present in the text, the context of an 'extraction' task typically implies isolated or measured product quantities. All other amounts correctly represent isolated yields, quantities used in reactions, or components of mixtures, and are precisely matched."}, 'overall_score': 0.99, 'overall_feedback': "This is an excellent extraction with a high degree of accuracy across all fields. Compound names, species, and organism details are extracted perfectly. The only minor area for improvement is in distinguishing between starting material quantities in a synthesis and isolated product amounts in the 'Amount of Molecule' field. Given the complexity and length of the document, the extraction's quality is remarkably high, demonstrating robust understanding and precise data retrieval."}
